Hello miss
No, the new boss of the group is here.
Pardon me?
My parents are not dead yet
Who is so arrogant and dares to impersonate my parents?
You are the new boss they say
Oye
You eat too ugly
Grandma just passed away
The corpse is still warm
You can't wait to be the new boss
Even without the job
I am also the most attractive person in this company
Miss Bai, I choose the center
It turns out that the shares were buried by you
Oh, I see.
You deliberately released that message.
Said that after buying this land, it can be doubled several times
You go around to my parents and they will sell their shares
Not too stupid
Is to stay and work for me
Or leave with him?
I am willing to work for Mr. Ou
Ok throw him out
About him
You and throw it out
Ok Mr. Ou
Miss Bai
Please leave.
I tell you not to go too far
My dad used to do you a lot of good
But he also beat and scolded me a lot
He's been having a rough time.
Everything is on my head
If I hadn't had a wife and children to support
Car loan, mortgage to be paid
I don't do it anymore.
you
Go, go.
Go for a drink